but that my name is Martin evening I'm
talking to you from Photoshop world Las
Vegas 2008 and just want to show you a
quick tip but working with Lightroom to
and how you can save time when you're
working with library and photoshop now
I've got here on the screen six
photographs to actually on my trip while
still here to Las Vegas taken down the
strip and you can see through these
photographs I'm from looking the
sequence you can see that we've already
estimated the attention here was to
create a panorama because I started
shooting from the left going all the way
across through to the right in six
different exposures now one of the
things you might be aware of is that in
let me just going to select these images
back in the Y game back into the grid
view so just bear with me let's just go
back to the grid view here let me go to
the photo menu and choose from here from
the editing submenu
you can see that one of the new controls
that we have available in lightroom two
is to choose merge two panorama and
photoshop which is pretty cool because
it means that you can take images
directly from lightroom and build a
panorama without having to open them up
all individually first as you had to
library one the only problem is is that
you are forced to do this using the
maximum size of the vials you have no
control over the file size so this image
will end up becoming really huge but be
much bigger than you really need to work
with and what critically is going to
take forever to process so here's a tip
which I was actually shown by Ian Lions
and he said instead of using that direct
control just to choose open as layers in
Photoshop and what this does is that it
will open up miss selected images using
the settings that I applied in the
develop module in Lightroom and open
them up as separate layers into a single
image file and from there i'll show you
in a minute what we can do with it first
of all let's just wait whilst it does
the processing okay so now you can see
that we've got the image that's been
opened up from library where we've got
over here you look at the layers panel
on the right you can see we've got all
the individual layers that I opened up
just now just from library on what I'm
going to do is before I start doing any
photo merge were
is is to go to the image menu at the top
and choose image size so that I can
scale down the overall size because
these bitches are shot with the eos 1ds
mark 3 camera so the 22 megapixels
originally and to save time I'm going to
cut back on the size to say two thousand
pixels tall which i think is probably
going to be plenty enough for me to work
with on this damn bus so I'm going to
reduce down the overall image in size
now and here you can see that we've now